my leadership stout, you could say, is unique because it has my personal
flavor. But honestly, Ah, lot of the Chiefs. We don't want our our
leadership style to be unique. We want it to be similar. We wanna
always teach the same way. That said, um, you can add your own flavor
to it. So we all learn that we treated Listen, you know, that's the
most important thing we all learned. To be fair, we all learned toe
go up the correct chain of command. You know, we all learned to keep
personal problems personal, private, private, private problems are
really, really not supposed to be shared with other people. And you
supposed to keep it between you and the other person, right? All of
those are, you know, that's 80% of the counseling that we ever do
Now, The leadership that we do, um that is unique has a has to do with
our personality. So I like to be generally friendly and fun and have
a smile on my face all the time. Um, other chiefs, they might be
very, very strict and, like, you know, like, you know, like the hard
guys, you know, other people might be really sweet and kind, you know,
carrying or you can go to him with anything. Eso my mind is kind
of You can come to me with anything. You can tap me on the shoulder,
pull you to the side, but I'm letting you know that's not very, very
unique. I'm hoping that there are many, many chiefs out there that
are like me.